Hey, welcome.
And in this video we're going to have a look at command K the inline editor that you can use inside
of cursor.
We've looked at it a couple of times before, but I've got a Python file here.
And you'll also have that same Python file if you want to practice a little bit, get really familiar
with using that inline editor.
Then you can obviously you can select we've got a couple of different functions here like greet calculate
area, generate password and Fibonacci.
And we've got a couple of to do's.
So we could either even just do it here.
We don't even need to do an inline edit.
We can literally just say upgrade greet to handle multiple names and different languages.
And cursor is clever enough to know that it needs to generate a new Python function.
So that's how you can use it for generation.
But we could reject that, and we could actually highlight the function that we want to change.
So we can either generate or we can edit.
So then let's do this submit the edit.
And then you can see here this is the diff.
So the red is getting deleted and the green is getting accepted.
And again I'm really happy with this So in a mac you can just hit command enter on windows.
That would be control enter.
And then there we have it.
We've refactored our code.
Let's also do another couple.
So we could say update.
So we've got rid of this one.
We could add input validation to calculate area.
And also we could do this one here and we could do two at the same time.
So we could select two functions and we could add a couple of these to do.
And then we can see that this will then rewrite that code.
And as you can see here we're getting really nice properly formatted docstrings.
And we can also then just click accept.
And then we've also got the final one which is optimizing Fibonacci.
And as you can see you can easily refactor entire functions in just a couple of seconds.
So again that's really quite quite nice.
One other thing you can be aware of when you're doing inline edits is you can also do other things.
So if I was to select the functions we can still do those app references.
Imagine you've got some other files, maybe custom documentation, or you want to reference a chat session.
It's possible to do all of that.
Be aware that inline editing you're probably going to be using that to refactor functions, classes,
or service files, but you can still pull in additional files, code, or documentation.
That can be an easy way to stay in the flow of coding, but not necessarily have to use the chat session.
And the good thing about inline editing is you get the diffs so you can easily reject or accept the
differences in the code that get generated in real time.
Cool.
So that was an introduction.
Next we're going to be looking in greater detail at composer.
I'll see you there.